bl
The holy place 芦 north curry highway of curry in Kumamoto
The child here curry rich in variety of some women who have contributed to the spread of post-war Japanese home cooking
He had been decided
Kumamoto Surprise This time, we will introduce the charms of the eight- colored curry highway
A hot and natural town surrounded by the sea and mountains
What started in this town for regional revitalization from 2006
Reihoku curry highway
Various curries appear in summer limitation only
Eating and eating are popular
What is currently competing for taste is the 18 restaurants located in the Akitabe area
It's only originality and curry that uses local ingredients
The founder of the 9th Shokuhoku Curry Highway runs an Italian restaurant in Reihokucho
Mr. Seki
Reihoku-cho is rich in ingredients and there are expectations of that leg on the mountain
In the sea there is a snarling boat Well I can not do something fair by utilizing such ingredients
And I thought that or not
Well if you wait tomorrow there will also be a beach
If it says beach, it will not be splendid
In curry
It is this that it began to think whether it would be possible to package and offer something
It is a curry highway
The Reihoku Curry Highway must use local ingredients.
Curry is here that Seki-san made this year
It is Italian cutlet curry using special product Sugakita Kogen pork and salad onion
Each store devises a new menu every year and works on various food pr
I will
An exchange hall located along Satsuma Highway
Ya tomorrow
It is an information center of the city where you can take a free break
It is appeared in this year's poster that it was made for Sugakita Curry Highway at this cafe
Are
Seafood curry
This year's curry is with Mr. Kenichi Muraeda, and there are manga artists from the local community .
That it is I who have commentary from say I cartoon library in here that last fall
The
He will appear in the book, so I will try to reproduce the curry
That 's the curry of salmon here
It is a masterpiece that Mr. Yuichi Rara of the middle visited and developed together
I was born but
It is that base of four naught ships , and it is a plan state person
I've always eaten one week or two fresh octopus but it seems
By making use what was said
The foot Te reuse the Amami salad onion
It has took Tappurikko with shrimp and clams
I made it but I thought it was a curry to eat from children to the elderly
By the way, in fact there is another reason why this curry highway started in Reihoku-cho
This land summoner is a landowner who served as a hail shop for generations
Housing of wisteria bloom
A culinary researcher who gained popularity among Ocha in the Showa 30 's
It is the result of Tomi Egami
In fact, because Egami introduced how to make curry on a television program, it became a Japanese home cooking
It is said that curry has spread
In the receiving it's customers were very many
For I think that I'm there were many opportunities to say so cuisine
Come here to put up a small piece of paper and have lunches on the day when polycysted people get so much rice down
It will behave well
Is a modern taste if from instructor high that your strata was very much curry rice
That's right
It was suitable for you to break
Many would do was AkiraAkira way
Take Fujisaki who treated people with curry that was high-light then
It is said that it was the taste of the baby for young Toyama .
Sister-in-law's sister-in-law who was cooking with such Toyama wrote
The recipe of 100 years ago is left
Rice curry reproduced based on the recipe
You can taste it at a rice-grown café in the base
This is Stone Summoned 100 Year Curry
We can enjoy two tastes with original curry arranged in a contemporary style
It is only old cb curry that is old
So but it is not so painful
It is creamy and every time you are Well it because you fry in butter
Delicious Toko the Toka nostalgic even in young people
I'll tell you, and that's why it's a pick
And is also another taste When combined both mind is relieved by your mouth is hot hot
I think it would be nice if you could eat it a little like that
Various curries unique to tomorrow
There is a thought to the old village there
The other person who is out is he is coming back, there is such a curry, there is no child's heart
Remember me
I still think I Iina if it is possible to grow the love of hometown
芦 north curry highway which conveys the charm of the old village in a
Please try the summer limited delicious curry by all means